docs/EnvironmentVariables.md, before:

# Environment Variables

Each section of this file is an environment variable name.

For anything that has to do with an `ID` you want to turn on the `Discord Developer Mode`.

This option can be found under:

`User Settings > Advanced > Developer Mode`

IDs can be obtained by `right-clicking` server icons, roles, etc. and copying the ID.

### DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN
Obtained under the bot tab in the [discord developer panel](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
  
### APPLICATION_ID
Obtained under the general information tab in the [discord developer panel](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
  
### GUILD_ID
ID of the dicord server where this bot is added.
  
### WEBSERVER_PORT
What port to run the web server under.

Usually `3000`.
  
### CNAME
Change this to a real URL, or the address of your host if deploying into production. This is the actual URL pointing to the bot.
  
### MONGODB_URL
Connection string to your mongodb instance. If you need a free host MongoDB Atlas provides small databases for free; and it's perfect for our little bot.

### SINGLE_USER_REFRESH_INTERVAL_MS
Delay between user accounts token and role refreshes. To avoid hitting rate limiting adjust the value to be as large as you can afford to wait. Total time to refresh all users will be at least (number of users * SINGLE_USER_REFRESH_INTERVAL_MS)

Commit message:

[BLOCK-2071] - Separate message signing website (#19)
* BLOCK-2071 - Added separate configuration for bot and message signing website cnames, updated default port used for message signing

* BLOCK-2071 - Remove usage of client, fix account linking

* BLOCK-2071 - Updates default vite port used, updates documentation references to client to point to a new repository

* BLOCK-2071 - Fix assembly of signing URL, add pre-deployed discord bot signing page deployment as default value

* BLOCK-2071 - Move server to be the discrod bot itself

* BLOCK-2071 - Updated Dockerfile and readme

* BLOCK-2071 - Updated docs structure

* BLOCK-2071 - Updated Dockerfile

* BLOCK-2071 - Updated dockerignore and docker-compose

* BLOCK-2071 - Removed env from dockerignore

* BLOCK-2071 - Reverted changes related to .env

* BLOCK-2071 - Updated dockerfile

* BLOCK-2071 - Rever the name for CNAME env variable

* BLOCK-2071 - Use strict in TS config, replace eosjs-ecc with eosjs, add types for text-encoding package

docs/EnvironmentVariables.md, after:

# Environment Variables

Each section of this file is an environment variable name.

For anything that has to do with an `ID` you want to turn on the `Discord Developer Mode`.

This option can be found under:

`User Settings > Advanced > Developer Mode`

IDs can be obtained by `right-clicking` server icons, roles, etc. and copying the ID.

### DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN
Obtained under the bot tab in the [discord developer panel](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
  
### APPLICATION_ID
Obtained under the general information tab in the [discord developer panel](https://discord.com/developers/applications).
  
### GUILD_ID
ID of the dicord server where this bot is added.
  
### WEBSERVER_PORT
What port to run the web server under.

Usually `3000`.
  
### CNAME
Change this to a real URL, or the address of your host if deploying into production. This is the actual URL pointing to the bot.

### SIGNING_CNAME
Change this to a real URL, or the address of your host if deploying into production. This is the actual URL pointing to the signing page website. You can use the default value which is the official Ultra discord message signing static website: https://discord.ultra.io/

The signing website code is available in a separate dedicated repository: [discrod bot signing website](https://github.com/ultraio/ultra-discord-uniq-roles-bot-website)

### MONGODB_URL
Connection string to your mongodb instance. If you need a free host MongoDB Atlas provides small databases for free; and it's perfect for our little bot.

### SINGLE_USER_REFRESH_INTERVAL_MS
Delay between user accounts token and role refreshes. To avoid hitting rate limiting adjust the value to be as large as you can afford to wait. Total time to refresh all users will be at least (number of users * SINGLE_USER_REFRESH_INTERVAL_MS)
